What happens when you initialize a repository?  Why do you need to do it?

An empty Git repository is initialized (git init).  It needs to be initialized
so that metadata of the files can be recorded and tracked, for purposes of 
version control.

How is the staging area different from the working directory and the 
repository?  What value do you think it offers?

Local files are the working directory.  Changes made to the working directory
create 'modified files'.  The modified files you'd like to include in a commit 
are then moved to the staging area.  From there, you can commit the staged 
files.  A snapshot of all the files are then captured and stored as metadata
in the repository.  You can then checkout any commit, or snapshot, to your 
working directory.  This flow allows for a high degree of control over file
changes.

How can you use the staging area to make sure you have one commit per logical
change?

You can make multiple modifications in the working directory, then move one 
logical change to the staging area at a time and commit those changes.

What are some situations when branches would be helpful in keeping your history
organized?  How would branches help?

Branches would be helpful when experimenting with a new feature or language.
The branch allows you free reign while maintaining a master 'official' branch.

How do the diagrams help you visualize the branch structure?

It's easier to see how the commits track going backwards, as well as how they
differ moving forward.

What is the result of merging two branches together?  Why do we represent it in
the diagram the way we do?

Merging two branches will keep all common lines in the commits.  It will also
keep all new lines added to either commit.  It will not merge removed lines in
either commit.  The new/removed lines are as compared to the commit where the 
branch split occurred.

What are the pros and cons of Git's automatic merging vs. always doing merges
manually?

Automatic merges can make it easier when the merge is fairly straightforward.
However, merge conflicts can arise in some instances, in which case, a manual
merge will have to be completed and committed.