When would you want to use a remote repository rather than keeping all your 
work local?

If multiple people are working on a project, it would be best to keep a remote 
repository.  It could be accessed by all people involved.  Also, if you work on 
multiple computers, it may be beneficial to have access across multiple devices
via GitHub remote repositories.

Why might you want to always pull changes manually rather than having Git 
automatically stay up-to-date with your remote repository?

You may be working on something locally, that is not in sync with the remote
repository.  Also, other people may be working on the remote repository, and
you don't know the changes that have been made.  It's best to make the decision
when to pull changes, rather than the local repository being automatically 
updated.

Describe the differences between forks, clones, and branches. When would you 
use one instead of another?

A branch operates on local repositories and creates a new head separate from an
existing branch.  A clone is a copy of a repository, either locally, or from 
a remote repository.  A fork is similar to a clone, performed on the GitHub 
platform.  A fork also links back to the original repository, and can be used
to make suggestions/changes without having permissions to make changes on the 
remote repository.

What is the benefit of having a copy of the last known state of the remote 
stored locally?

If internet access were unavailable, you could still see the commit history
of the remote without having to pull the changes and potentially merge with the
local.  This can be accomplished with fetch, and then, the remote repository
can be analyzed locally using diff/log/status, etc.

How would you collaborate without using Git or GitHub? What would be easier, 
and what would be harder?

Without GitHub, collaboration would involve more direct communication regarding
changes made to different files.  It may be easier to maintain control over the
production version of files.  However, it would be much more difficult to 
implement large changes and experiment with different branches.  Pull requests
also facilitate collaboration by clearly showing changes made without affecting
the master branch.

When would you want to make changes in a separate branch rather than directly
in master? What benefits does each approach have?

If you are collaborating, and would like input from others about a possible
change, then creating a new branch with the changes may be better.  This way, 
the changes can be examined/commented on before making the changes to the 
master branch.  This would be done through a pull request on GitHub.  Working
solely in the master branch creates a simple flow of the different commits.  
However, larger changes could not be made as easily.